# Overview

This charm provides a bind server to store DNS records generated by designate.

# Usage

The designate-bind charm relies on the designate charm.

    juju deploy designate-bind
    juju deploy designate
    juju add-relation designate designate-bind

## Recursion and forwarders

By default, this charm only resolves names in zones managed by
Designate. You can optionally enable recursion or forwarders to resolve
names outside of Designate, such as google.com or archive.ubuntu.com.

Recursion and forwarders should be enabled with extra care. You should
also enable ACLs with allowed_nets and/or allowed_recursion_nets.
Otherwise, the DNS server may be open for anyone which could be used for
some attacks as an open resolver.

For example, when you want to allow DNS clients in local networks only,
and use 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 as upstream DNS servers, You can set charm
options like:

    juju config designate-bind allowed_nets='10.0.0.0/8;172.16.0.0/12;192.168.0.0/16'
    juju config designate-bind forwarders='8.8.8.8;8.8.4.4'

Or if you want to use BIND9 set up by the charm as a full-service resolver, set the following options for example:

    juju config designate-bind allowed_nets='10.0.0.0/8;172.16.0.0/12;192.168.0.0/16'
    juju config designate-bind recursion=true

# Network Space support

This charm supports the use of Juju Network Spaces, allowing the charm
to be bound to network space configurations managed directly by Juju.
This is only supported with Juju 2.0 and above.

A network space to be used for communication with Designate can be
specified by "dns-backend" binding.

Extra binding can be specified with "dns-frontend" binding for an
additional network space to bind DNS server for clients outside of the
Juju model.

To use this feature, use the --bind option when deploying the charm:

    juju deploy designate-bind --bind "default-space dns-frontend=public-space dns-backend=internal-space"

alternatively these can also be provided as part of a juju native
bundle configuration:

    designate-bind:
      charm: cs:designate-bind
      num_units: 1
      bindings:
        '': default-space
        dns-frontend: public-space
        dns-backend: internal-space

NOTE: Spaces must be configured in the underlying provider prior to
attempting to use them.

# Bugs

Please report bugs on [Launchpad](https://bugs.launchpad.net/charm-designate-bind/+filebug).

For general questions please refer to the OpenStack [Charm Guide](http://docs.openstack.org/developer/charm-guide/).
